CONN-5654: Update Netskope WebTx Public doc (#6950)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/netskope-webtx-streaming.md

```

## Sample queries

```sumo title="Total Transactions"

> _sourceCategory={{Logsdatasource}}   !bytes

Reviewer: The sample query's `_sourceCategory` was changed from a concrete value (`Labs/NetskopeWebTx`) to the template variable `{{Logsdatasource}}`, but that variable isn't defined or explained anywhere in the doc — a reader copying this sample query won't know what to substitute. Consider either a concrete placeholder (e.g. `_sourceCategory=<your Netskope source category>`) or a short note that `{{Logsdatasource}}` is the app's dashboard variable. Also worth confirming the exact variable name/casing (`Logsdatasource` is unusual — no separators/lowercase).

— via Claude Code

| `Netskope WebTx Streaming - Sanctioned Application Access Detected`                         | This alert is triggered when users access cloud applications tagged as “Sanctioned” beyond a defined threshold, indicating possible shadow IT usage that violates organizational policy.                                                                                                 | Warning                                         | Count > 5       |
| `Netskope WebTx Streaming - Suspicious Login from Unusual Location`                         | This alert is triggered when logins originate from geographic locations that deviate from typical user behavior patterns, which may indicate account compromise or unauthorized access.                                                                                                  | Critical                                        | Count > 0       |

> | `Netskope WebTx Streaming - Unauthorized Access Attempts`                                   | Tracks unauthorized access attempts (401/403) in web transactions, highlighting unusually frequent failures across users/devices for timely investigation.                                                                                                                               | Critical                                        | Count > 2       |

Reviewer: Consistency: the other 7 alerts start with "This alert is triggered when …", but this one was reworded to "Tracks …". Suggested reword to match (keeps the 401/403 detail):

```suggestion
| `Netskope WebTx Streaming - Unauthorized Access Attempts` | This alert is triggered when unauthorized access attempts (401/403) are detected in web transactions, highlighting unusually frequent failures across users or devices for timely investigation. | Critical | Count > 2 |
```

— via Claude Code
